Good morning, family.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
Look at this.
This is our prayer.
This is what we were interceding for last night.
Whenever we were praying, there wasn't even rain in the forecast, and all of a sudden, it just started raining.
I could hear the thunder, and we got almost an inch of rain.
This is supernatural rain, ladies and gentlemen.
When you pray and you believe, all things are possible to him that believes—even the weather.
I just wanted to come on here; I'm excited about it.
I wanted to show you what happens when you believe God for something.
Rain is a big deal for us because it's been really dry.
I just thought, 'I wanted to come on and show you our prayers are working.
' It's amazing for the farmers, for the drought, for all of it.
We're going to believe some more tonight.
I asked the Lord for three inches, but we almost got an inch.
It's a work in progress.
Sometimes you see the olive branch and the dove's beak before you get the full manifestation.
Like Noah, he sent the dove out and it brought back an olive branch, showing him the flood was over, the storm was over.
I'm telling you, that's the way it will be in your life.
Believe God.
Even if you see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation, never give up on what you're believing for.
You may see just a little bit of something, just like I saw almost an inch, but I'm believing God for over three inches.
I want to go four or five inches to break the drought so that we're not in one anymore.
These are exciting times.
I have such an expectation in my spirit today.
There's a stirring inside of me; something is happening in the realm of the spirit as we're praying together.
I can feel it.
Tonight, when I was sitting there talking to the Lord, I felt a fire, like when you're stoking a fireplace.
I can feel it turning.
I said, 'Holy Spirit, there's something going on.
' We're moving the mountain, y'all.
Faith will move a mountain.
The Bible says it in Mark 11:23 and 24: 'Whatsoever things you desire, when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
If you say to the mountain, "Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea," and shall not doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
' I want to encourage you all: don't give up on what you're believing for.
When I was praying this evening, the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to tell those old testimonies you've told before.
' I told you all a couple of videos ago about the dog being raised from the dead and my little girl praying for that dog in the hall.
All things are possible to him who believes.
I'm going to tell you another testimony of what happened to me.
I was mowing my grandmother's yard—I mowed her grass all the time—and there was this African-American man walking down the road.
He would walk a couple of feet and stop, breathing really hard.
I thought, 'Wow, that's sad,' but I just kept mowing.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to go pray for that man.
' I said, 'You want me to go pray for that man?
' I ignored it, to be real with y'all.
I thought, 'I don't know that man; I'm not going to go pray for him.
' I just started mowing some more.
He got closer, and the Lord said, 'Are you going to obey me and go pray for that man?
' I reasoned it out in my mind, thinking that man probably wouldn't want me praying for him.
That's your flesh trying to talk you out of it through fear or intimidation.
The devil tries to whisper in your ear to discourage you.
The man got right up to me, and the Lord said sternly, 'Are you going to obey me and go pray for that man?
' I said, 'Father, I'm sorry.
I'll go pray for him.
' I turned the mower off and said, 'Sir, can I talk to you for a second?
' He stopped and looked at me.
I noticed his skin was ashy.
He looked very pale and gray, not healthy.
He had tubes in his nose and an oxygen tank he was dragging behind him.
I asked, 'How are you doing today?
' He said, 'I'm not doing good.
I'm dying.
' I asked what the problem was.
He said, 'I need a lung transplant.
I sprayed Roundup for the government for 38 years, and it ruined my lungs.
I'm on the donor list.
The doctors say if I don't get these lungs, I'm going to die.
' I asked, 'Do you believe Jesus will heal you?
' He just shook his head, looking dumbfounded.
He didn't give me a straight answer; he just looked at the ground.
I asked, 'Can I lay hands on you?
' He looked at me like I was weirding him out.
I said, 'I can just pray for you,' and he said that was fine, I could touch his shoulder.
I put my hand on his shoulder and said, 'I'm going to say a prayer for you and we're going to believe God.
I believe with all my heart that today you're going to get healed because Jesus told me to pray for you.
' I said, 'I speak to your lungs to be healed in the name of Jesus, and I command new lungs to go inside your body.
' I didn't ask; I commanded them.
I touched his chest and said, 'I command you to be healed and I command new lungs to come back into your body.
' I didn't feel anything.
I thought it was like touching a cold stove.
I said, 'I believe you're healed.
Have a blessed day.
' He thanked me and walked away.
I said, 'Lord, I obeyed you.
Now it's your job.
' About a week later, this man ran up to me in the yard.
I did not recognize him.
He said, 'Sir, do you remember me?
' I said, 'No, I've never seen you before.
' He said, 'I'm the man you prayed for!
' I said, 'My goodness, sir, look at you!
' His skin was completely normal.
He had color back in his skin and looked healthy.
He said, 'I was healed when you prayed for me.
I went back to the doctor, and the doctor asked what I did.
He said I have two brand-new lungs.
' They took him off the donor list.
He had no oxygen tank and was walking around normally.
He came back to thank me.
We eventually led him to Jesus.
He used to walk around the neighborhood fast with his little cane.
He wanted peaches, so I gave him some from my trees.
It was an amazing testimony.
But after a period of time—this went on for a few years—he started walking slow again.
He got that ashy look and the tubes in his nose again.
What I'm trying to say is you can get a healing, but if you don't get a foundation in the Word of God, the enemy comes back.
The Bible says he goes away for a season, but he returns to the house he came from.
If you don't have the Word inside you to know that 'by His stripes you are healed,' when the devil tries to bring that sickness back, you have to resist him.
You have to stand and say, 'I am not accepting your poo-poo package on my front porch again.
' If you don't have a foundation, you can't keep your healing.
You need a root of the Word deep in your heart so that when the devil comes like a roaring lion, you say, 'You're not coming back on my land.
' Great healing miracles and demonstrations of the Spirit are coming.
Many of you will be healed, but the only way you'll keep it is by having a revelation of who you are in Christ.
You've got to renew your mind daily.
You can't just stay on the milk of the Word.
It's time to go from the milk to the meat.
It's time to get some teeth and a backbone and stand up for what the Word says.
The devil can't devour the one who has a foundation in the Word of God.
I had a vision where babies across America were in soiled diapers with flies buzzing around them.
They were crying, wanting their diapers changed.
They were spiritual babies, but the Lord wants to grow you up.
Stand therefore, so you have a backbone against the devil to say, 'You're not robbing me anymore.
' I'm trying to teach you to take communion daily.
When your house is built upon the solid rock, the winds and waves of life will not knock you down.
There are storms, but there is also glory.
I don't want to hear that you were healed and then lost it because the devil came to test you.
You've got to learn how to stand.
Get the Word down inside your heart and you will be able to clean his clock.
The Lord told me he wants you to believe for bigger.
2024 is not over yet.
God specializes in the impossible.
He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
The same Jesus who healed the sick 2,000 years ago will heal your body today.
I want to agree with you for your miracle.
Don't let one more day pass without believing.
Faith is an act.
Do what you couldn't do before.
Today is your day for your miracle.
We're going to take communion.
This is the meal that heals.
We are joint heirs with him.
Sickness and disease can't stay because God is a healer.
Galatians 3:13 says Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I receive what he did today.
I call myself healed.
I call myself well.
Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
I can't believe for you; you have to speak to your own mountain.
Speak to cancer, diabetes, depression, or anxiety and tell it to go.
Every knee must bow to the name of Jesus.
Cancer is a name, and it must bow.
Heart disease is a name, and it must bow.
The fire is inside you to drive out disease.
By his stripes, we are healed.
Father, I thank you for this body that was broken for me.
I take this, and I am healed.
This is the meal that heals, and I have a covenant of healing and prosperity.
I have the mind of Christ.
God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I receive his peace.
I cast down every imagination that exalts itself against the Word of God.
I refuse to fear.
I have a mind full of joy and the fruit of the Spirit.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
Father, we take this body and thank you that we are whole.
We take this blood and thank you that our sins are cast into the sea of forgetfulness.
If you make much of the blood, the blood will make much of you.
I enter boldly into the courtroom of heaven.
Jesus is my advocate and is making intercession for me right now.
Father, we come to your throne and want to sit at your feet.
We want to hear you breathe.
As childlike faith, we crawl into your lap and say, 'Abba, Father.
' We want a deeper revelation of who you are—our Great Physician and Jehovah Jireh.
You supply all our needs.
We just rest in your arms, listening to your heartbeat.
I love you, Lord.
I have no other.
I'll never forsake you.
There is fullness of peace and joy in Him.
Lay your baggage at His feet and crawl into His lap.
Practice the presence of the Lord.
We are strong in the Lord, not in ourselves.
A good father never turns his child away.
He picks you up and embraces you when you are hurting.
The Lord knows every pain and every wound from people's words.
Even when you sin, run to God, for he is rich in mercy.
Like the prodigal son, the Father is waiting with open arms.
Don't let the devil lie to you; there is nothing too big for God to forgive.
He's waiting for you to come home.
He doesn't see you as an adult; you're his child.
He will brush you off and hold you.
I don't know who that is for today, but the Lord wanted you to know his heart.
God is love.
He corrects those he loves because he doesn't want anyone to go to hell.
He wants all to come to repentance.
Today is your day.
Father, I'm coming home.
Cleanse me and forgive me.
I want a day-to-day relationship with you.
I thank you, Holy Spirit, for ministering to those around me right now.
I pray for a fresh touch of your fire and peace on their lives.
For those who are wore out, take his yoke upon you, for his burden is light.
I remember when I was battling depression and struggling in my marriage.
I went to a church service and Jesus walked in through a massive portal.
I could see the great cloud of witnesses—our loved ones who have gone before us.
Jesus walked up to me.
He had a beautiful robe and leather sandals.
He showed me that I was inside a box, and he said my thinking was toxic because I was thinking too much on the wrong things.
He removed the lid and told me his yoke is easy.
He wanted me to be free.
He smiled at me with an expression of love that melts you.
I tell you these things to encourage you and fan your flames.
The Lord told me to give you a refreshing.
I hope this comes across the screen.
This is my prayer time, and I'm letting you be a part of it.
If you humble yourself, he will visit you.
He is more real to me than this table.
Father, I thank you for these people.
I take authority over any demonic attack against this nation.
No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We plead the blood over every household.
We condemn the words spoken against us; they will not bear fruit.
We thank you for your angels watching over us.
I call for finances from the north, south, east, and west.
Satan, let go of the money in Jesus' name.
We call for cryptos like XRP to go up in value to bring blessing to households.
We speak life over jobs and promotions.
We pray for restoration in marriages and call the children home.
We speak to the blinders on the eyes of unsaved loved ones and call them saved.
We praise you for financial blessing, health, and mental soundness.
We call for godly leadership in this nation and a move of your Spirit like never before.
We give you all the glory.
Amen.
I'll do another video tomorrow.
Please like and subscribe.
Jesus is coming soon.
Morning, night, or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound; all of the dead shall rise.
Righteous, meet in the sky, going where no one dies.
Heavenward bound.
He's coming soon.
Put a smile on your face.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you.